um, I didn't find the strength of Regency. It's kind of a simple, and
it goes back to two more words. I keep saying, Listen and observe. By
being present and being around your team, you'll notice who's more
vocal. You'll notice who will stand out as being You know, the goal
getter, the hard worker. You'll notice who will be more of the quiet
one that doesn't do too much or doesn't say much, even when during,
like, started training evolutions or even like operating. You know
who's the first to step up, who won't step up and by being around and
watching how that occurs, you'll learn where one sailor has one strength
and another one has a weakness, and you can kind of paired together
and turn in that aspect. Eso As time goes on, the more you watching,
the more you around your sailors and your team, you'll see
who has certain strengths and who has certain weaknesses and that all
that kind of allowed you to manage. You know who to put with who and
how the better, you know, go for how to move on from there